Functionally, the code prompts the user to imput an item they are looking for on a particular list.  The return would be a numerical value for the frequency in which that item appears in the list. In addition the list can be reprinted with a numerical value next to it, indiciating the times that item is 'purchased.' The thrid option in this code, is similar to the second, but rather than a numerical value, a special character is printed to represent that amout, creating a histogram. The main skill that is tranferrable is just the familiarity with opening, reading, and closing files. Then going through the file looking for specific items in a list. This could be used in large sets of data as well which could be very useful. 

The code was overall written in a very simplistic, and easily understood way, in the way that I sectioned it out. The code begins with the public and private class for the code, folllowed by the defining fucntions for menu 1,2, and 3. Then the main() function is listed. I think the layout of the code is very proficient and the in line comments help to guide the code. I am not sure if I would change anything in the way I set up my code, or the way in which I went about how the user interacts with the terminal. I had to reference material in the course to make sure my public and main class were properlly executed and this was the most challenging, such that I wasn't postive on how to check my work here. This program can be adaptable by inserting in any type of list into the code, such that the code is able to open any txt file and then the user can search even larger lists, or ones that are meaningful and useful to them. 
# Item_Frequency


